// Exercise 1: Calculate the Sum of Two Numbers

a + b = c

num1 + num2 = sum
print sum

ask for 2 numbers 
add the 2 number together 
print on the screen the sum of those 2 numbers


// Exercise 2: Check if a Number is Even or Odd
public string CheckNumber(int x)
{
if(x % 2 == 0)
{
return "Even";
}
return "Odd";
}

1. ask for a number
2. check if the remainder when dividing by 2 is 0
3. if remainder is 0, return the word, or string, Even
4. else return the word, or string, Odd

// Exercise 3: 
Write pseudo code that will perform the following.    

a) Read in 5 separate numbers.   
b) Calculate the average of the five numbers.
c) Find the smallest (minimum) and largest (maximum) of the five entered numbers.
d) Write out the results found from steps b and c with a message describing what they are

a)
1. Know which 5 numbers we want
2. Create a container to hold these 5 numbers
3. Put our 5 numbers inside of this container
4. Obtain the length of our container

b)
1. If not using built in function, Need to add all numbers in container up
2. Divide the sum of all numbers in the container by the total number of numbers in a container
3. Use the length of our container for the number we divide by
4. Store this average in a variable  

c)
1. Need to create a place to store the maximum and minimum values
2. Need to set the maximum and minimum values to the first number in the array
3. As we check each subsequent number, we need to check if its greater than the maximum number
4. If it is, the maximum number changes to the value of this number
5. If it isn't, the maximum number stays the same.
6. Still looking at the same number in the container, we have to compare it to the current minimum.
7. If the number were on is less than the minimum, we change the minimum to the new value of the current number
8. If it's not less than, the minimum number stays the same
9. Check this for every number in the container until we reach the last spot in the container.

d)
1. Print or return the number variables including average, minimum, and maximum to the user.

-- END --
